gh-121103: Update site module docs for free-threaded installs (#122737)
python/cpython: Doc/library/site.rst

For the head part, it uses ``sys.prefix`` and ``sys.exec_prefix``; empty heads
are skipped.  For the tail part, it uses the empty string and then
:file:`lib/site-packages` (on Windows) or

> :file:`lib/python{X.Y[t]}/site-packages` (on Unix and macOS), where the
> optional suffix "t" indicates the :term:`free threading` build.  For each

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:file:`lib/python{X.Y[t]}/site-packages` (on Unix and macOS). (The
optional suffix "t" indicates the :term:`free threading` build, and is
appended if ``"t"`` is present in the :attr:`sys.abiflags` constant.)
For each
```

of the distinct head-tail combinations, it sees if it refers to an existing
directory, and if so, adds it to ``sys.path`` and also inspects the newly
added path for configuration files.

.. versionchanged:: 3.5
   Support for the "site-python" directory has been removed.

.. versionchanged:: 3.13

>    The :term:`free threading` Python installations are identified by the "t"
>    suffix in the version-specific directory name, such as :file:`lib/python3.13t/`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   On Unix, :term:`Free threading <free threading>` Python installations are
   identified by the "t" suffix in the version-specific directory name, such as
   :file:`lib/python3.13t/`.
```
